Sara/tec 115 primary branches documentation (#1680)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-secrets/view-triage.md

Findings from local scans are differentiated from their remote counterparts through their slugs. Remote repositories are identified as <span className="placeholder">  ACCOUNT_NAME/REPOSITORY_NAME</span>, while local repositories are identified as <span className="placeholder">local_scan/REPOSITORY_NAME</span>.
:::

## Default Secrets page view and branch logic

> In Semgrep, a **single** finding may appear in several branches. These appearances are called **instances** of a finding. In Semgrep Secrets the **latest instance**, that is, the finding from the most recent branch scanned, is displayed by default because if a Secrets finding is present in **any branch**, even a non-primary branch, it is considered [valid](/semgrep-secrets/conceptual-overview#validate-secrets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Semgrep, a **single** finding may appear in several branches. These appearances are called **instances** of a finding. In Semgrep Secrets, the **latest instance**, or the finding from the most recent branch scanned, is displayed by default. This is because, if a Secrets finding is present in **any branch**, even a non-primary branch, it is considered [valid](/semgrep-secrets/conceptual-overview#validate-secrets).
```
